unvalidatedInput	
critical
Request data destructured without validation
server/lib/auth.ts
223	open	
AI Fix
unauthRoute	
high
Route missing authentication middleware
server/routes/admin/carts.ts
79	open	
AI Fix
unvalidatedInput	
critical
Request data destructured without validation
server/routes/admin/carts.ts
94	open	
AI Fix
unauthRoute	
high
Route missing authentication middleware
server/routes/admin/logs.ts
71	open	
AI Fix
unauthRoute	
high
Route missing authentication middleware
server/routes/admin/logs.ts
96	open	
AI Fix
unauthRoute	
high
Route missing authentication middleware
server/routes/admin.ts
592	open	
AI Fix
unauthRoute	
high
Route missing authentication middleware
server/routes/admin.ts
847	open	
AI Fix
unvalidatedInput	
critical
Request data destructured without validation
server/routes/admin.ts
608	open	
AI Fix
unvalidatedInput	
critical
Request data destructured without validation
server/routes/admin.ts
870	open	
AI Fix
unvalidatedInput	
critical
Request data destructured without validation
server/routes/admin.ts
917	open	
AI Fix
duplicateRoute	
medium
Duplicate route definition
server/routes/admin.ts
261	open	
AI Fix
duplicateRoute	
medium
Duplicate route definition
server/routes/admin.ts
325	open	
AI Fix
duplicateRoute	
medium
Duplicate route definition
server/routes/admin.ts
403	open	
AI Fix
duplicateRoute	
medium
Duplicate route definition
server/routes/admin.ts
847	open	
AI Fix
duplicateRoute	
medium
Duplicate route definition
server/routes/admin.ts
959	open	
AI Fix
unvalidatedInput	
critical
Request data destructured without validation
server/routes/adminBundles.ts
142	open	
AI Fix
unvalidatedInput	
critical
Request data destructured without validation
server/routes/adminBundles.ts
143	open	
AI Fix
unvalidatedInput	
critical
Request data destructured without validation
server/routes/adminBundles.ts
233	open	
AI Fix
unvalidatedInput	
critical
Request data destructured without validation
server/routes/adminBundles.ts
273	open	
AI Fix
unvalidatedInput	
critical
Request data destructured without validation
server/routes/adminBundles.ts
302	open	
AI Fix
duplicateRoute	
medium
Duplicate route definition
server/routes/adminBundles.ts
96	open	
AI Fix
duplicateRoute	
medium
Duplicate route definition
server/routes/adminBundles.ts
231	open	
AI Fix
duplicateRoute	
medium
Duplicate route definition
server/routes/adminBundles.ts
300	open	
AI Fix
duplicateRoute	
medium
Duplicate route definition
server/routes/adminDiscounts.ts
21	open	
AI Fix
duplicateRoute	
medium
Duplicate route definition
server/routes/adminDiscounts.ts
169	open	
AI Fix
unvalidatedInput	
critical
Request data destructured without validation
server/routes/adminImages.ts
27	open	
AI Fix
unauthRoute	
high
Route missing authentication middleware
server/routes/aiAssistant.ts
35	open	
AI Fix
unauthRoute	
high
Route missing authentication middleware
server/routes/aiAssistant.ts
89	open	
AI Fix
unauthRoute	
high
Route missing authentication middleware
server/routes/aiAssistant.ts
179	open	
AI Fix
unauthRoute	
high
Route missing authentication middleware
server/routes/alfr3d.ts
19	open	
AI Fix
unauthRoute	
high
Route missing authentication middleware
server/routes/alfr3d.ts
32	open	
AI Fix
unauthRoute	
high
Route missing authentication middleware
server/routes/alfr3d.ts
51	open	
AI Fix
unauthRoute	
high
Route missing authentication middleware
server/routes/alfr3d.ts
91	open	
AI Fix
unvalidatedInput	
critical
Request data destructured without validation
server/routes/alfr3d.ts
53	open	
AI Fix
unvalidatedInput	
critical
Request data destructured without validation
server/routes/alfr3d.ts
184	open	
AI Fix
unvalidatedInput	
critical
Request data destructured without validation
server/routes/alfr3d.ts
185	open	
AI Fix
unauthRoute	
high
Route missing authentication middleware
server/routes/auth.ts
25	open	
AI Fix
unauthRoute	
high
Route missing authentication middleware
server/routes/auth.ts
74	open	
AI Fix
unauthRoute	
high
Route missing authentication middleware
server/routes/auth.ts
79	open	
AI Fix
unauthRoute	
high
Route missing authentication middleware
server/routes/auth.ts
90	open	
AI Fix
unauthRoute	
high
Route missing authentication middleware
server/routes/auth.ts
108	open	
AI Fix
unauthRoute	
high
Route missing authentication middleware
server/routes/auth.ts
181	open	
AI Fix
unauthRoute	
high
Route missing authentication middleware
server/routes/auth.ts
201	open	
AI Fix
unauthRoute	
high
Route missing authentication middleware
server/routes/bundles.ts
8	open	
AI Fix
unauthRoute	
high
Route missing authentication middleware
server/routes/bundles.ts
19	open	
AI Fix
unauthRoute	
high
Route missing authentication middleware
server/routes/bundles.ts
82	open	
AI Fix
unauthRoute	
high
Route missing authentication middleware
server/routes/cart.ts
9	open	
AI Fix
unvalidatedInput	
critical
Request data destructured without validation
server/routes/email-test.ts
10	open	
AI Fix
unauthRoute	
high
Route missing authentication middleware
server/routes/portal.ts
14	open	
AI Fix
unauthRoute	
high
Route missing authentication middleware
server/routes/portal.ts
38	open	
AI Fix
unauthRoute	
high
Route missing authentication middleware
server/routes/portal.ts
73	open	
AI Fix
unauthRoute	
high
Route missing authentication middleware
server/routes/portal.ts
262	open	
AI Fix
unauthRoute	
high
Route missing authentication middleware
server/routes/portal.ts
274	open	
AI Fix
unauthRoute	
high
Route missing authentication middleware
server/routes/portal.ts
300	open	
AI Fix
unauthRoute	
high
Route missing authentication middleware
server/routes/portal.ts
348	open	
AI Fix
unauthRoute	
high
Route missing authentication middleware
server/routes/portal.ts
382	open	
AI Fix
duplicateRoute	
medium
Duplicate route definition
server/routes/portal.ts
274	open	
AI Fix
duplicateRoute	
medium
Duplicate route definition
server/routes/portal.ts
348	open	
AI Fix
unauthRoute	
high
Route missing authentication middleware
server/routes/referrals.ts
8	open	
AI Fix
unauthRoute	
high
Route missing authentication middleware
server/routes/referrals.ts
26	open	
AI Fix
unauthRoute	
high
Route missing authentication middleware
server/routes/referrals.ts
41	open	
AI Fix
unauthRoute	
high
Route missing authentication middleware
server/routes/referrals.ts
70	open	
AI Fix
unauthRoute	
high
Route missing authentication middleware
server/routes/stripe.ts
9	open	
AI Fix
unvalidatedInput	
critical
Request data destructured without validation
server/routes/subscriptions.ts
108	open	
AI Fix
unvalidatedInput	
critical
Request data destructured without validation
server/routes/subscriptions.ts
146	open	
AI Fix
unvalidatedInput	
critical
Request data destructured without validation
server/routes.ts
220	open	
AI Fix
unvalidatedInput	
critical
Request data destructured without validation
server/routes.ts
231	open	
AI Fix
unvalidatedInput	
critical
Request data destructured without validation
server/routes.ts
245	open	
AI Fix
unvalidatedInput	
critical
Request data destructured without validation
server/routes.ts
311	open	
AI Fix
unvalidatedInput	
critical
Request data destructured without validation
server/routes.ts
446	open	
AI Fix
unvalidatedInput	
critical
Request data destructured without validation
server/routes.ts
485	open	
AI Fix
unvalidatedInput	
critical
Request data destructured without validation
server/routes.ts
619	open	
AI Fix
unvalidatedInput	
critical
Request data destructured without validation
server/routes.ts
699	open	
AI Fix
unvalidatedInput	
critical
Request data destructured without validation
server/routes.ts
713	open	
AI Fix
unvalidatedInput	
critical
Request data destructured without validation
server/routes.ts
742	open	
AI Fix
unvalidatedInput	
critical
Request data destructured without validation
server/routes.ts
789	open